1. What is Emmet?
ANS. Emmet is a free add-on for your text editor that allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full pieces of code. 

2. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
ANS. A content delivery network (CDN) is a geographically distributed group of servers that caches content close to end users. A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content, including HTML pages, JavaScript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.

3. Why is React known as React?
ANS. React is one of many libraries and it's completely frontend and specializes in things that the user interacts with when they're using a website. This could be buttons, search bars and menus.
    React is called "React" because of its core feature, which is its ability to "react" or respond dynamically to changes in data. 
    “And it's called React because it reacts.

4. Why is cross-origin in the script tag?
ANS. The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers.
    Here is where CORS comes in. A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

5. What is difference between React and ReactDOM?
ANS. React library is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser.

6. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
ANS. The development version (react.development.js) provides more detailed error messages and warnings compared to the production version. This helps developers identify and diagnose issues during the development process.
    The development version includes additional checks and warnings to provide useful information when something goes wrong.
    However, these additional checks and messages are not included in the production version for performance reasons.

    The production version (react.production.js) is optimized for performance and is typically used in production environments.
    It includes various optimizations, such as dead code elimination, to make the React library run more efficiently.
    These optimizations help reduce the overall bundle size, improve runtime performance, and enhance the user experience.

7. What are async and defer?
ANS. Async allows your script to run as soon as it's loaded, without blocking other elements on the page.
    Defer means your script will only execute after the page has finished loading.